awew.txt --- Actual: comedy  Predicted: tragedy
ayli.txt --- Actual: comedy  Predicted: comedy
coe.txt --- Actual: comedy  Predicted: tragedy
lll.txt --- Actual: comedy  Predicted: comedy
maan.txt --- Actual: comedy  Predicted: comedy
mfm.txt --- Actual: comedy  Predicted: tragedy
mnd.txt --- Actual: comedy  Predicted: tragedy
mov.txt --- Actual: comedy  Predicted: tragedy
mww.txt --- Actual: comedy  Predicted: comedy
tgov.txt --- Actual: comedy  Predicted: comedy
tn.txt --- Actual: comedy  Predicted: comedy
tots.txt --- Actual: comedy  Predicted: comedy
ac.txt --- Actual: tragedy  Predicted: tragedy
cor.txt --- Actual: tragedy  Predicted: tragedy
ham.txt --- Actual: tragedy  Predicted: tragedy
jc.txt --- Actual: tragedy  Predicted: tragedy
lear.txt --- Actual: tragedy  Predicted: tragedy
mac.txt --- Actual: tragedy  Predicted: tragedy
oth.txt --- Actual: tragedy  Predicted: tragedy
rj.txt --- Actual: tragedy  Predicted: comedy
ta.txt --- Actual: tragedy  Predicted: tragedy
tc.txt --- Actual: tragedy  Predicted: tragedy
